I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
Yo're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I have 5 fingers, the 3rd ones for you.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
You bring everyone a lot of joy, when you leave the room.
If you are going to be two faced, at least make one of them pretty.
What's the difference between you and eggs? Eggs get laid and you don't.
I bet your brain feels as good as new, seeing that you never use it.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
I wasn't born with enough middle fingers to let you know how I feel about you.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You're the reason they invented double doors!
I'm jealous of all the people that haven't met you!
Two wrongs don't make a right, take your parents as an example.
You're so ugly, when you popped out the doctor said "Aww what a treasure" and your mom said "Yeah, lets bury it."
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and shit out a smarter statement than that.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You shouldn't play hide and seek, no one would look for you.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
There's only one problem with your face, I can see it.
If you're gonna be a smartass, first you have to be smart. Otherwise you're just an ass.
At least when I do a handstand my stomach doesn't hit me in the face.
Somewhere out there is a tree, tirelessly producing oxygen so you can breathe. I think you owe it an apology.
If you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
I don't exactly hate you, but if you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
You're so fat the only letters of the alphabet you know are KFC.
Hey, you have somthing on your chin... no, the 3rd one down
Maybe if you ate some of that makeup you could be pretty on the inside.
Maybe if we start telling people the brain is an app they will start using it.
What are you going to do for a face when the baboon wants his butt back?
You're so ugly you scare the shit back into people.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
I have neither the time nor the crayons to explain this to you.
Shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
I heard you’re good in algebra, can you replace my X without asking Y
Oh my God, look at you. Was anyone else hurt in the accident?
There are more calories in your stomach than in the local supermarket!
How many times do I have to flush to get rid of you?
I'd slap you, but shit stains.
I may love to shop but I'm not buying your bullshit.
Well I could agree with you, but then we'd both be wrong.
I'd like to kick you in the teeth, but that would be an improvement!
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable -- like a coma.
You're so fat, when you wear a yellow rain coat people scream ''taxi''.
You're not funny, but your life, now that's a joke.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?
It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a hammer.
You have two brains cells, one is lost and the other is out looking for it.
You're so ugly, when you threw a boomerang it didn't come back.
You're so fat you need cheat codes to play Wii Fit
What are you doing here? Did someone leave your cage open?
If I were to slap you, it would be considered animal abuse!
Why don't you check eBay and see if they have a life for sale.
The last time I saw a face like yours I fed it a banana.
You're so ugly, the only dates you get are on a calendar. 
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
You fear success, but really have nothing to worry about.
If I gave you a penny for your thoughts, I'd get change.
I'll never forget the first time we met, although I'll keep trying.
Don't feel sad, don't feel blue, Frankenstein was ugly too.
You're so ugly, when you got robbed, the robbers made you wear their masks.
If you spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
You're as bright as a black hole, and twice as dense.
I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you.
If your brain was made of chocolate, it wouldn't fill an M&M.
You are proof that God has a sense of humor.
You're so ugly you make blind kids cry.
Do you know how long it takes for your mother to take a crap? Nine months.
I heard your parents took you to a dog show and you won.
When was the last time you could see your whole body in the mirror?
You're the best at all you do - and all you do is make people hate you.
You look like something I'd draw with my left hand.
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I’m around you
You're as useless as a knitted condom.
So you've changed your mind, does this one work any better?
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
You're a person of rare intelligence. It's rare when you show any.
If I wanted to hear from an asshole, I'd fart.
It's kinda sad watching you attempt to fit your entire vocabulary into a sentence.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
I fart to make you smell better.
Looks like you traded in your neck for an extra chin!
You are proof that evolution CAN go in reverse.
Some drink from the fountain of knowledge; you only gargled.
You do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
I thought you were attractive, but then you opened your mouth.
Your parents hated you so much your bath toys were an iron and a toaster
Your hockey team made you goalie so you'd have to wear a mask.
You're so stupid you tried to wake a sleeping bag.
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
You didn't fall out of the stupid tree. You were dragged through dumbass forest.
Learn from your parents' mistakes - use birth control!
Just wait till you can't fit your hand in the Pringles tubes, then where will you get your daily nutrition from?
You stare at frozen juice cans because they say, "concentrate".
Programming is like sex; one mistake and you have to support it for a lifetime..
I heard you went to a haunted house and they offered you a job.
Looks aren't everything; in your case, they aren't anything
Your face makes onions cry.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works!
Ever since I saw you in your family tree, I've wanted to cut it down.
With a face like yours, I'd wish I was blind.
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand.
If my dog had your face, I would shave his butt and make him walk backwards.
You're so ugly, you had tinted windows on your incubator.
You have enough fat to make another human.
Why dont you shut up and give that hole in your face a chance to heal.
Which sexual position produces the ugliest children? Ask your mother.
You've got photographic memory but with the lens cover glued on.
You only annoy me when you're breathing.
You so ugly when who were born the doctor threw you out the window and the window threw you back!
It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the 'impression' that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
You're so dumb, your dog teaches you tricks.
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
If brains were dynamite you wouldn't have enough to blow your nose.
You're as useless as a screen door on a submarine.
If assholes could fly, this place would be an airport!
You must be the arithmetic man; you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey. 
You should eat some of your make up so you can be pretty on the inside.
You're so ugly Hello Kitty said goodbye to you.
We all sprang from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
You must be on the seafood diet. When you see food, you eat it!
You get as much action as a nine button on a microwave.
I'm no proctologist, but I know as asshole when I see one.
I thought of you all day today. I was at the zoo.
You are so stupid, you'd trip over a cordless phone.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
You're so  fat,  you have to strap a beeper on your belt to warn people you are backing up.
You look like a before picture.
Did your parents ever ask you to run away from home?
You're not exactly bad looking. There's just one little problem between your ears - your face!
Looks like you fell off the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down.
You must have a very low opinion of people if you think they are your equals.
Ordinarily people live and learn. You just live.
Any similarity between you and a human is purely coincidental.
Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
I'd like to help you out. Which way did you come in? 
You're so fat a picture of you would fall off the wall!
I don't have to ask my kids to call me, I just change the Netflix password and then don't respond to their texts.
If I flip this coin, what are my chances of getting either head or tail?
You're so fat, you have to use a mattress as a maxi-pad.
You may not have any enemies, but your friends don't really like you either.
Do you ever wonder what life would be like if you'd had enough oxygen at birth?
Did your parents keep the placenta and throw away the baby?
Are you always an idiot, or just when I'm around?
I've been called worse things by better people
I heard you took an IQ test and they said you're results were negative.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
A clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
You're so fat, when you take a shower your feet don't get wet! 
You're so old, you walked into an antique shop and they put you on display.
Do you wanna lose ten pounds of ugly fat? Cut off your head
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
You're so fat, your double chin has a double chin.
You're so ugly, your mother had to tie a steak around your neck to get the dog to play with you!
I can't imagine what qualities you may have that would compensate for your behavior in public.
You act like your arrogance is a virtue.
What's the difference between you and Hitler? Hitler knew when to kill himself.
You're so ugly you have to trick or treat over the phone.
You're as useful as an ashtray on a motorcycle.
You have a very sympathetic face. It has everyone's sympathy.
You have the perfect face for radio.
Your breath is so stinky, we look forward to your farts.
You should spend less time at the gym and more time working on your personality.
Your head is so big you have to step into your shirts.
You're so fat, if you got your shoes shined, you'd have to take their word for it!
You're so ugly words can't explain it. So I'll just go throw up.
I'm blonde, what's your excuse?
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
If you were any dumber I would have to water you twice a week.
Your ears are so big when you stand on a mountain they look like trophy handles.
You're so ugly, if you stuck your head out the window, they'd arrest you for mooning!
Don't get insulted, but is your life devoted to spreading ignorance?
For those who never forget a face, you are an exception.
I'd hit you but we don't hit little girls around here.
You're a prime candidate for natural de-selection.
If a crackhead saw you, he'd think he needs to go on a diet.
I've come across decomposed bodies that are less offensive than you are.
If I want your opinion, I'll give it to you.
I'd say that you're funny but looks aren't everything.
You must think you're strong, but you only smell strong.
You're so fat your shadow casts a shadow.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
No I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
I’m jealous of people that don’t know you!
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
You, sir, are an oxygen thief!
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
Don't like my sarcasm, well I don't like your stupid.
Why don't you go play in traffic.
Please shut your mouth when you’re talking to me.
I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
Stop trying to be a smart ass, you're just an ass.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
You have Diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.
I can lose weight, but you’ll always be ugly.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... like a coma.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
If your gonna be two faced, honey at least make one of them pretty.
Keep rolling your eyes, perhaps you'll find a brain back there.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
You get ten times more girls than me? ten times zero is zero...
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Sure, I've seen people like you before - but I had to pay an admission.
How old are you? - Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.
Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives, you should go get one.
You're like Monday mornings, nobody likes you.
Of course I talk like an idiot, how else would you understand me?
All day I thought of you... I was at the zoo.
To make you laugh on Saturday, I need to you joke on Wednesday.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
If I told you that I have a piece of dirt in my eye, would you move?
You so dumb, you think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
Every time I'm next to you, I get a fierce desire to be alone.
You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
You're so fat, you leave footprints in concrete.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Wipe your mouth, there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull?
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I heard you went to a freak show and got in for free.
You look like you just escaped from planet of the apes.
Your family tree is nothing but a rest stop for dogs.
You are so old, you walked into an antique shop and they sold you.
You remind me of the ocean -- you make me sick.
You prefer three left turns to one right turn.
You have a Teflon brain - nothing sticks.
Let's play horse. I'll be the front end and you be yourself.
Don't go to a mind reader; go to a palm reader; I know you've got a palm.
You conserve toilet paper by using both sides.
You're a dim bulb in the marquee of life.
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
What are you going to do for a face when the baboon wants his butt back?
When they made you, they broke the mold---and beat the mold maker.
When you die, I'd like to go to your funeral, but I'll probably have to go to work that day. I believe in business before pleasure.
When you get to the men`s room, you will see a sign that says, "Gentlemen." Pay no heed to it. Go right on in.
Believe me, I don't want to make a monkey out of you. Why should I take all the credit?
I don't mind that you are talking so long as you don't mind that I'm not listening.
I fart to make you smell better.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on earth.
Is your name Laryngitis? You're a pain in the neck.
If I told you that I have a piece of dirt in my eye, would you move?
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
Is your name Dan Druff? You get into people's hair.
I feel sorry for you because you are so homely, but I feel even sorrier for other people because they have to look at you.
I hear you are being accepted into an exclusive club because they need someone to snub.
I heard that you were a lady killer. They take one look at you and die of shock.
If my dog had your face, I would shave his butt and make him walk backwards.
You are so old, even your memory is in black and white.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
You think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
You are so stupid, when you heard 90% of all crimes occur around the home, you went out.
You are the reason God created the middle finger.
You have the face of a saint. Saint Bernard, that is.
All day I thought of you...I was at the zoo.
Are your parents siblings?
You thinks Taco Bell is where you pay for your phone calls to Mexico.
To make you laugh on Saturday, I need to you joke on Wednesday.
You weren't fully debugged before being released.
You call people to ask them for their phone number.
You must be the arithmetic man -- you add trouble, subtract pleasure, divide attention, and multiply ignorance.
You must be from the shallow end of the gene pool.
You may be a beautiful person on the inside, too bad you were born on the outside!
You're a few fries short of a Happy Meal.
You're a few planets short of a Federation
You have Diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.
You're so dense, light bends around you.
Your family wasn't dysfunctional until you arrived.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
I heard that you went to the haunted house and they offered you a job.
I know you are nobody's fool, but maybe someone will adopt you.
The last time I saw a face like yours I threw it a fish!
The mind reader had a very busy day today reading minds. You were a vacation for him.
You're so boring, your dreams have Muzak.
You're so dumb, blondes tell jokes about you.
The twinkle in your eyes is actually the sun shining between your ears.
Your family tree is a tumbleweed.
I'll hit you so hard by the time you come down, you'll need a passport and plane ticket back
You're as useful as an ashtray on a motorcycle.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
I hear the only place You are ever invited is outside.
You're at least one Brady short of a Bunch.
The wheel is turning but the hamster is definitely dead.
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
I'll hit you so hard you'll have to unzip your pants to say hi!
I'd like to break the monotony; where's your weakest point?
If I ever need a brain transplant, I'd choose yours because I'd want a brain that had never been used.
No, a polygon is not a dead parrot.
Some people have called you a wit... They're half right !
Our friendship is like that of a dog to a fire hydrant.
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
People can't say that you have absolutely nothing! After all, you have inferiority!
I'll hit you so hard your kids will be born dizzy!
People clap when they see you -- their hands over their eyes or ears.
Save your breath...You'll need it to blow up your date.
You are so was so ugly they used to push your face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
Sit down and give your mind a rest.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
Some people are has-beens. You are a never-was.
Someone said that you are not fit to sleep with pigs. I stuck up for the pigs.
You are so old, you fart dust.
You are so old, you sat next to Jesus in school.
Sure, I've seen people like you before - but I had to pay an admission.
In the battle of wits, you fight unarmed.
We all spring from apes, but you didn't spring far enough.
You are so ugly she could scare the moss off a rock!
They say that two heads are better than one. In your case, one would have been better than none.
You're ski lift doesn't go to the top of the hill.
Your head whistles in a cross wind.
They say Will Rogers never met a man he didn't like, obviously he never met you.
Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.
You are so ugly she could scare the chrome off a bumper!
There's two things I really hate about you: your face!
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
When you go to the mind reader, do you get half price?
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable...like a coma.
You are so dumb, you play solitaire...for cash.
You are so stupid, you'd trip over a cordless phone.
For those who never forget a face, you are an exception.
You have signs on both ears saying "Space for Rent".
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
If stupidity hurt, you'd go through life on a morphine drip.
You're as useless as a screen door on a submarine.
You're a legend in your own mind.
If brains were dynamite, you would not have enough to blow your nose.
I'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
I'm looking forward to the pleasure of your company since I haven't had it yet.
I've had many cases of love that were just infatuation, but this hate I feel for you is the real thing.
All day I thought of you...I was at the zoo.
I wish your charm could be bottled--then a cork could be put in it.
I would ask you how old you are, but I know you can't count that high.
I would love to beat you up, but I have a problem with cruelty to dumb animals.
People say that you are the perfect idiot. I say that you are not perfect, but you are doing alright.
I may be fat but you are ugly, and I can lose weight.
Yo momma's so dumb when she saw under 17 not admitted sign she went home and got 16 friends
Yo momma's so old one of her pets was on on Noahs Ark
Yo momma's so ugly for Halloween she trick or treats on the phone
Yo momma's so poor when your family watches TV they go to Sears
Yo momma's so dumb she passed by YMCA and said hey look they spelled MACYs wrong
Yo momma's so poor people rob her house for practice
Yo momma's so old her birth certificate is in Roman numerals
Yo momma's so poor each night she goes to KFC to lick other folks fingers
Yo momma's so dumb she failed a survey
Yo momma's so ugly people hang her picture in their cars so their radios don't get stolen
Yo momma's so dumb and poor that when I came over for dinner she read me recipes
Yo momma's so poor she married young just to get the rice
Yo momma's so dumb she put on her glasses to watch 20/20
Yo momma's so dumb her shoes say TGIF - toes go in front
Yo momma's so poor she eats cereal with a fork to save milk
Yo momma's so poor she waves an ice cube around and calls it Air conditioning
Yo momma's so poor when I rang the doorbell she leaned out the window and said DING DONG
Yo momma's so dumb I put a ScratchNSniff sticker on the bottom of the pool and she drowned
Yo momma's so dumb I said lets go to the superbowl and she ran and got a spoon
Yo momma's so dumb I saw her in the frozen food section with a fishing rod
Yo momma's so dumb I saw her jumping up and down asked what she was doing and she said she drank a bottle of medicine and forgot to shake it
Yo momma's so dumb she thought Boyz2Men was a daycare center
Yo momma's so dumb she thought brownie points were coupons for a bake sale
Yo momma's so dumb she thought meow mix was music for cats
Yo momma's so dumb she thought the Board of Education was a piece of wood
Yo momma's so dumb she told me to meet her at the corner of Walk and don't Walk
Yo momma's so dumb she took you to the drive-in movie theater to see Closed for the season
Yo momma's so dumb she uses Old Spice for cooking
Yo momma's so dumb she was looking at a paper and I asked her what you doing? and she said watching paper view
Yo momma's so dumb she went to Disney World and saw a sign that said Disney World Left so she went home
Yo momma's so dumb she went to Gap to fix her teeth
Yo momma's so dumb she went to the store to buy a color TV and asked what colors they had
Yo momma's so dumb she went to Walgreens to see if the walls were really green
Yo momma's so dumb that when she surfed the internet she put a wetsuit on
Yo momma's so dumb she snuck on the bus and paid to get off
Yo momma's so dumb she tried to steal a free sample
Yo momma's so dumb when I said we were playing craps she went and got toilet paper
Yo momma's so dumb when she heard 90% of all crimes occur around the home she moved
Yo momma's so dumb when she pulls up to a flashing red light it sounds like Vroom Screech Vroom Screech
Yo momma's so dumb when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line she put OK
Yo momma's so dumb when the computer said Press any key to continue she couldn't find the Any key
Yo momma's so old her memory is in black and white
Yo momma's so old I looked in her year book and saw jesus
Yo momma's so old one of her pets was on on Noahs Ark
Yo momma's so old she got hieroglyphics on her Driver license
Yo momma's so old she has an autographed bible
Yo momma's so old she walked into an antique store and they kept her
Yo momma's so old she's mentioned in the shout out at the end of the bible
Yo momma's so old she was a waitress at the last supper
Yo momma's so old she drove a chariot to high school
Yo momma's so old that when she was in school there was no history class
Yo momma's so old the candles cost more than the birthday cake
Yo momma's so old when she ran the 100 meter dash they timed her with a sundial
Yo momma's so po she can't even afford the last two letters
Yo momma's so poor burglars break in and leave money
Yo momma's so poor each night she goes to KFC to lick other folks fingers
Yo momma's so poor her front and back doors are on the same hinge
Yo momma's so poor I walked into her house and stepped on a cigarette butt and she said Hey who turned off the heater?
Yo momma's so poor I walked into her house and swatted a firefly and said Who turned off the lights?
Yo momma's so poor I went through her front door and ended up in the back yard
Yo momma's so poor people rob her house for practice
Yo momma's so poor she bounces food stamps
Yo momma's so poor she can't afford to pay attention
Yo momma's so poor she does drive by shootings on the bus
Yo momma's breath so bad she has to take prescription Tic Tac
Yo momma's breath stinks so bad that people look forward to her farts
Yo momma's smells so bad she went to Taco Bell and everyone ran for the border
Yo momma's so cheap instead of buying a fire alarm she hangs Jiffy Pop from the ceiling
Yo momma's so dirty her Sure deodorant is now Confused
Yo momma's so dirty she made Right Guard turn left
Yo momma's so dirty she slowed down Speed Stick
Yo momma's so dirty they filmed Gorillas in the mist in her shower
Yo momma's so cheap she washes paper plates
Yo momma's so lazy she thinks a two income family is where your daddy has two jobs
Yo momma's so lazy she's got a remote control just to operate her remote
Yo momma's so ugly even the Elephant Man makes jokes about her
Yo momma's so ugly her Daddy takes her to work each day so he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye
Yo momma's so ugly her dentist treats her by mail order
Yo momma's so ugly hotel managers use her picture to keep away the Rats
Yo momma's so ugly I took her to a haunted house and she came out with a job application
Yo momma's so ugly I took her to the zoo and the guy at the door said Thanks for bringing her back
Yo momma's so ugly kids dress up as her for Halloween
Yo momma's so ugly she gave Freddy Kruger nightmares
Yo momma's so ugly that she went to an ugly contest and they said sorry no professionals
Yo momma's so ugly the psychiatrist makes her lie face down
Yo momma's so ugly they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies
Yo momma's so ugly they put her face on a milk carton and it spoiled
Yo momma's so ugly when she was born the doctor smacked the wrong end
Yo momma's so wrinkled she has to screw her hat on
You’re my favorite person besides every other person I’ve ever met.
VM4505:1 No offense, but you make me want to staple my cunt shut.
Did your parents have any children that lived?
I envy people who have never met you.
Maybe if you eat all that makeup you will be beautiful on the inside.
You’re kinda like Rapunzel except instead of letting down your hair, you let down everyone in your life.
You’re impossible to underestimate.
You’re not the dumbest person on the planet, but you sure better hope he doesn’t die.
I’ll plant a mango tree in your mother’s cunt and fuck your sister in its shade.
Those aren’t acne scars, those are marks from the coat hanger.
You have more dick in your personality than you do in your pants.
If you were an inanimate object, you’d be a participation trophy.
You look like your father would be disappointed in you if he stayed.
You’re not pretty enough to be that dumb.
Your mother fucks for bricks so she can build your sister a whorehouse.
I’m sorry your dad beat you instead of cancer.
You were birthed out your mother’s ass because her cunt was too busy.
You’re so stupid you couldn’t pour piss out of a boot if the directions were written on the heel.
Take my lowest priority and put yourself beneath it.
Such a shame your mother didn’t swallow you.
The best part of you ran down your mom’s leg.
You couldn’t organize a blowjob if you were in a Nevada brothel with a pocket full of hundred-dollar bills.
You are a pizza burn on the roof of the world’s mouth.
Does your ass ever get jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth?
People like you are the reason God doesn’t talk to us anymore.
You’re so dense, light bends around you.
I’d love to stay and chat but I’d rather have type-2 diabetes.
You should put a condom on your head, because if you’re going to act like a dick you better dress like one, too.
I bet you swim with a T-shirt on.
How the fuck are you the sperm that won?
May your balls turn square and fester at the corners.
I hope your wife brings a date to your funeral.
If you were a potato you’d be a stupid potato.
Your face looks like it was set on fire and put out with chains.
You might want to get a colonoscopy for all that butthurt.
Your mother may have told you that you could be anything you wanted, but a douchebag wasn’t what she meant.
You are so ugly that when you were born, the doctor slapped your mother.
You look like two pounds of shit in a one-pound bag.
Ready to fail like your dad’s condom?
I’d call you a cunt, but you have neither the warmth or the depth.
If I wanted to commit suicide I’d climb to your ego and jump to your IQ.
You make me wish I had more middle fingers.
If genius skips a generation, your children will be brilliant.
Everyone that has ever said they love you was wrong.
You have the charm and charisma of a burning orphanage.
If there was a single intelligent thought in your head it would have died from loneliness.
I don’t have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
The only difference between you and Hitler is Hitler knew when to kill himself.
You’re dumber than I tell people.
I hope you have beautiful children and that they all get cancer.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
For years your mother and I wanted kids. Imagine our disappointment when you came along.
Your face is so oily that I’m surprised America hasn’t invaded yet.
Your father should’ve wiped you on the sheets.
If I wanted any shit out of you I’d take my dick out of your ass.
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
You’re the reason you mom swallows now.
How did you crawl out of the abortion bucket?
If the road were paved with dicks, your mother would walk on her ass.
You are the stone in the shoes of humanity.
You could fuck up a wet dream.
You’re not as dumb as you look.
Anyone who would fuck you ain’t worth fucking.
This is why everyone talks about you as soon as you leave the room.
The smartest thing that ever came out of your mouth was my dick.
You know, people were right about you.
You’ve got a great body. Too bad there’s no workout routine for a face.
If you could suck your own dick then you would finally suck at everything.
I want you to be the pallbearer at my funeral so you can let me down one last time.
Don’t make me have to smack the extra chromosome out of you.
You’ve gotta be two people, because no single person can be that stupid.
If you were any dumber, someone would have to water you twice a week.
You’ll never be half the man your mother was.
If you were on fire and I had a cup of my own piss, I’d drink it.
I’ve forgotten more than you know.
You smell like you wipe back to front.
I could agree with you, but then we’d both be wrong.
Shut your mouth, I can smell your Dad’s cock.
You look like something I drew with my left hand.
How do you even masturbate knowing whose dick you’re touching?
You are the human embodiment of an eight-dollar haircut.
The only thing that will ever fuck you is life.
You suck dick at fucking pussy.
If you were twice as smart, you’d still be stupid. I can’t forget that day.
You look like a bag of mashed-up assholes.
You’re a huge bag of tiny cocks.
You’re so inbred you’re a sandwich.
In a country where anyone can be anything, I will never understand why you chose to be mediocre.
That’s a girl like you doing at a nice place like this?
You’re about as important as a white crayon.
Was your mother just in the bathroom? Because she forgot to flush your twin.
If my dog had a face like you, I’d paint his ass and teach him to walk backwards.
If your parents were to divorce, would they still be brother and sister?
You look like the kind of person that buys condoms on his way to a family reunion.
People will not only remember your death, they will celebrate it.
You are a shit stain on the underpants of society.
You look like you were poured into your clothes but someone forgot to say when to stop.
You’re about as useful as tits on a pigeon.
Why are you playing hard to get when you’re so hard to want?
I’d offer you a shit sandwich, but I hear you don’t lik
Do you realize that people just tolerate you?
You’re not pretty enough to be this stupid.
Anyone who ever loved you was wrong.
If you were anymore inbred you would be a sandwich.
Now I know why everybody talks about you behind your back.
“I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.”
Why are you the way that you are? I hate so much about the things you chose to be.
You look like a before picture.
Why play so hard to get when you’re already so hard to want.
You coffin dodging oxygen thief.
What doesn’t kill you…disappoints me.
I treasure the time i don’t spend with you.
You’re like the top piece of bread. Everybody touches you, but nobody wants you.